What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
We initializa a repository in a directory when we need to keep track of its files evolutions.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
The staging area is a place in the middle of those two. Basically we put in the staging area those files we want to commit. Then we can remove them or add them to the staging area with git reset or git add.
A commit is a snapshot of the files in the staging area at that moment.

What value do you think it offers?
Without the staging area all commits must include all files inside the directory in that moment.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
Well we make sure that inside it there are only files related to that logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
First thing that comes in my mind is that if we are working on a project in a  group we can have a working-branch for each member and a master branche where we put the changes we all agree with.
Second thing we can use brances for testing,trying new versions ecc..

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
They help us to see where a new branch was created and which commits were made in all branches.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
The result is the merge of all files in the two brnaches. Following some rules, git merge all lines of all files together. 
For example some rules are:
if both branches have modified some lines of the original file, but differently, git cannot pick up one randomly so a mege conflict is presented, where we can choose what to keep and what we will not keep.
If one branch add a line that was not present in the original file and the other branch doesn't, that line is keeped.
eccc... .
We represent it in a diagram because it's easier to understand the relations between commits, before and after the merge.
What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
Pros of automatic merging:
take less time,1 second instead of a lot of manually work.
If there is a conflict is automatically shown, so it's easier to solve it.
Cons: if the branch A adds some lins not in conflict with branch B, but branch B doesn't agree to that addiction, the automatic merging tools add those lines always. So we should check the files before the merge, or speaking about what we added from the original before making the merge.